The pie charts illustrate the results of a survey among guests at the Parkway Hotel **regarding** their assessments of the hotel's customer service. The survey was **conducted** with 100 guests in both 2005 and 2010.

Overall, the majority of guests rated the hotel's customer service positively in both years. However, there was a significant improvement in ratings from 2005 to 2010.

Specifically, in 2005, only 5% of customers rated the hotel as excellent, while 14% recognized it as good. Both the excellent and good ratings notably increased to 28% and 39% in 2010 respectively.

In contrast, the trend of negative feedback for this hotel was declining. In 2005, 21% of customers gave poor ratings and 15% gave very poor ratings. However, these percentages drastically decreased to 12% and 4%, respectively.

Due to a significant increase in excellent and good ratings, the percentage of satisfactory ratings decreased from 45% to 17%.

In summary, the charts depict a positive trend in guests' ratings of the Parkway Hotel's customer service, with a notable improvement observed from 2005 to 2010.

results-> outcomes

## 题目

The charts below show the results of a questionnaire that asked visitors to the Parkway Hotel how they rated the hotel's customer service. The same questionnaire was given to 100 guests in the years 2005 and 2010. Summarise the information by selecting and reporting the main features, and make comparisons where relevant

http://www.laokaoya.com/6466.html

- 关于/涉及 XX 评估
